DEV-2783: Update layout in receipt emails (add required tax information, contributor portal link, and refer to RP in copyright) (#851)
newsrevenuehub/rev-engine: apps/emails/templates/nrh-default-contribution-confirmation-email.txt

{% else %}
Amount Contributed: {{ contribution_amount }}/{{ contribution_interval_display_value }}
{% endif %}

No goods or services were provided in exchange for this contribution.
{% if non_profit %}
This receipt may be used for tax purposes.
{{ rp_name }} is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization{% if tax_id %} with a Federal Tax ID #{{tax_id}}{% endif %}.
{% else %}
Contributions to {{ rp_name }} are not deductible as charitable donations.
{% endif %}

> Need to make changes to your contribution? {% autoescape off %}{{ magic_link }}{% endautoescape %}

Reviewer: I genuinely not know answer to this, but given that `magic_link` will already be wrapped in `mark_safe` ([see here in pending PR](https://github.com/newsrevenuehub/rev-engine/pull/868/files#diff-80bc4fbf647c521d99e0b1e9e38a568c928ed7477e600e7bd110a8e9bc870ae1R82)), I'm not sure if we'll need `autoescape off` here.

Once #868 is merged, we should try removing this and see if text email works without it.

Author: Ok

Author: Hey @benjaminEwhite, not sure how to test this after making the changes. Could you tell me how to test?

Author: Didn't work. Leaving it as is and resolving comment.

{% else %}
Amount Contributed: {{ contribution_amount }}/{{ contribution_interval_display_value }}
{% endif %}

> No goods or services were provided in exchange for this contribution. This receipt may be used for tax purposes.
> {{ org_name }} is a {{ company_type }}
> {% if for_profit == true %}
> for profit
> {% else %}
> nonprofit
> {% endif %}
> organization
> {% if tax_id != "" %}
> with a Federal Tax ID #{{ tax_id }}
> {% endif %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No goods or services were provided in exchange for this contribution.
{% if non_profit %}
This receipt may be used for tax purposes.
{{ rp_name }} is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization {% if tax_id %}with a Federal Tax ID #{{tax_id}}{% endif %}.
{% else %}
Contributions to {{ rp_name }} are not deductible as charitable donations.
{% endif %}
```
